The Git Times — Friday, July 3, 2026
Linux Antiquity Merges Art Nouveau with Modern Desktop Customization
A QML-based theme blending astronomy, mythology, and science-inspired visuals for Hyprland desktops
AI: n8n 2.28.6 Refines AI Gateway and Fixes Core Installs
Robotics: Newton v1.3.0 Enhances Reinforcement Learning with GPU-Accelerated Physics
Cyber: Yakit's Yaklang DSL Enables Custom Security Tooling Without Writing Code
Systems: TensorFlow 2.21 Drops Python 3.9, Adds JPEG XL and Int2 Support
DIY: TuyaOpen v1.8.0 adds AI image generation and local album support
GameDev: Tiled Map Editor 1.12.2 Refines Core Workflow with Subtle Fixes
"We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com